Hey there!
Kevin Was Here!
Try running this on Luminus Engine xD
100% Cotton Fiber!!
Thats odd
Hmmmm
Maybe try restarting your router?
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
2024
GOD DAYYYYUUUUM
Damn Wasnt 2023 like 2 days ago??
Eight bytes walk into a bar. The bartender asks, “Can I get ya anything? “Yes, “Make us a double.”
“Yes,” reply the bytes. “Make us a double.” He used the Sales Force. 
 What is debugging? Removing the needles from the haystack.
 What is the most used language in programming? Profanity
 Why did the programmer quit his job? Because he didn’t get arrays.
 Why did the software coder enjoy pressing the F5 key? It was refreshing.
 If 0 is false, then 1 is true, right? 1
 What is a Java programmer’s favorite musical note? C#
 How do you tell HTML from HTML5? Try it out in Internet Explorer. Did it work? No? It’s HTML5.
 Syntax Joke: [“hip”,”hip”] (hip hip array!)
 The generation of random numbers is too important to be left to chance.
 ASCII stupid question, get a stupid ANSI.
 I don’t see women as objects says the male coder. I consider each to be in a class of her own.
 Programming is like sex: One mistake and you have to support it for the rest of your life.
 !false (It’s funny because it’s true.)
 What did the router say to the doctor? “It hurts when IP.”
 Where do Minecraft players live? In apartment blocks.
 I’ve been playing Minecraft lately. It’s a top-Notch game.
 I tried and failed to make an underwater breathing machine in Minecraft. I just conduit.
 How do Minecraft players avoid getting a sunburn? They use Sunblock.
 Where did the creeper go after the explosion? Everywhere.
 You may not like Minecraft now. But when the movie comes out, I assure you, it’s gonna be a blockbuster.
 You can start a new business in Minecraft. You just have to mine your own business.
 I’m trying to make a meme on breaking bedrock in Minecraft. But it’s way too hard.
 Why do programmers like dark mode? Because light attracts bugs.
 What do NASA programmers do on the weekends? They hit the space bar.
 What was the SNES programmers’ favorite drink? Sprite
 Why couldn’t the programmer dance to the song? Because he didn’t get the… algo-rhythm…
 How programmers curse? Oh shift!
 What’s a Jedi’s favourite programming language? JabbaScript...
 How did the programmer lose weight? Hey switched to a byte sized diet.
 What attire do programmers wear? Depends on the dress code.
 In what language do programmers in Spain write their programs? Sí ++.
 Debugging: Removing insects from your code — one line at a time.
 Why don’t programmers like to go outside? The sun is their biggest source of byte.
 Why was the programming book sad? Because it had too many exceptions.
 Why did the programmer drown? Because he couldn’t float. He couldn’t even C.
 I made a programming language where every statement returns true. It’s called “belieber”.
 Why couldn’t the computer take its hat off? Because it had a CAPS LOCK!
 Stop it, you’re starting to piston me off!
 I’ll lever-pull that off.
 Oh, that’s GHASTly…
 You son of a brick!
 I can dig your style!
 Brr.. it feels coal in this room.
 What time do ten ocelots chase after a Creeper? Ten after one.
 What is Ghast’s favorite place in the world? The Nether-lands.
 fasoli
 
 
 
 
 
 
